fix: documentation for 3rd party import (#367)
SchweizerischeBundesbahnen/netzgrafik-editor-frontend: documentation/DATA_MODEL_JSON.md

thus no complex calculation must be reimplemented by the 3rd party provider.

###### Detection of Third-Party Data
The function [detectNetzgrafikJSON3rdParty](https://github.com/SchweizerischeBundesbahnen/netzgrafik-editor-frontend/blob/main/src/app/view/editor-tools-view-component/editor-tools-view.component.ts#L580) checks if the imported data comes from a third party and if it needs to be adjusted accordingly.
    
```typescript
private detectNetzgrafikJSON3rdParty(netzgrafikDto: NetzgrafikDto): boolean {
    return netzgrafikDto.nodes.find((n: NodeDto) =>
        n.ports === undefined) !== undefined
      ||
      netzgrafikDto.nodes.filter((n: NodeDto) =>
        n.ports?.length === 0).length === netzgrafikDto.nodes.length
      ||
      netzgrafikDto.trainrunSections.find((ts: TrainrunSectionDto) =>
        ts.path === undefined ||
        ts.path?.path === undefined ||
        ts.path?.path?.length === 0
      ) !== undefined;
  }
  ```
The function performs the following checks:
- Whether there are nodes without port objects.
- Whether all nodes have empty port lists.

> - Whether there are train run sections without a defined path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Whether there are trainrun sections without a defined path.
```

Nit: I prefer consistency around "Trainrun" word
